<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" dir="ltr" class="no-js">
<head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <title>Meeting log 23th of July 2009 [OpenWrt Wiki]</title>
    <script>(function(H){H.className=H.className.replace(/\bno-js\b/,'js')})(document.documentElement)</script>
    <meta name="generator" content="DokuWiki"/>
<meta name="robots" content="index,follow"/>
<meta name="keywords" content="meta,ircmeeting,meetinglog230709"/>
<link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml" href="../../lib/exe/opensearch.php" title="OpenWrt Wiki"/>
<link rel="start" href="../../index.html"/>
<link rel="contents" href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/meta/ircmeeting/meetinglog230709?do=index" title="Sitemap"/>
<link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Recent changes" href="../../feed.php"/>
<link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Current namespace" href="../../feed.php?mode=list&amp;ns=meta:ircmeeting"/>
<link rel="edit" title="Edit this page" href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/meta/ircmeeting/meetinglog230709?do=edit"/>
<link rel="alternate" type="text/html" title="Plain HTML" href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/_export/xhtml/meta/ircmeeting/meetinglog230709"/>
<link rel="alternate" type="text/plain" title="Wiki Markup" href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/_export/raw/meta/ircmeeting/meetinglog230709"/>
<link rel="canonical" href="meetinglog230709"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../lib/exe/css.php?t=openwrt&amp;tseed=6f44f363dc87908d905dc56ff3acbfc4"/>
<script type="text/javascript">/*<![CDATA[*/var NS='meta:ircmeeting';var JSINFO = {"id":"meta:ircmeeting:meetinglog230709","namespace":"meta:ircmeeting"};
/*!]]>*/</script>
<script type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8" src="../../lib/exe/js.php?tseed=6f44f363dc87908d905dc56ff3acbfc4"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8">/*<![CDATA[*/jQuery(function(){
	for ( i=0; i < document.forms.length; i++ ) {
		if (document.forms[i].method == 'post') {
			var myElement = document.createElement('input');
			myElement.setAttribute('type', 'hidden');
			myElement.name = 'bb2_screener_';
			myElement.value = '1432287219 166.182.3.98';
			document.forms[i].appendChild(myElement);
		}
	}
});
/*!]]>*/</script>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1" />
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="../../lib/tpl/openwrt/images/favicon.ico" />
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" href="../../lib/tpl/openwrt/images/apple-touch-icon.png" />
    </head>

<body>
    <!--[if lte IE 7 ]><div id="IE7"><![endif]--><!--[if IE 8 ]><div id="IE8"><![endif]-->
    <div id="dokuwiki__site"><div id="dokuwiki__top" class="site dokuwiki mode_show tpl_openwrt     ">

        
<!-- ********** HEADER ********** -->
<div id="dokuwiki__header"><div class="pad group">

    
    <div class="headings group">
        <ul class="a11y skip">
            <li><a href="meetinglog230709#dokuwiki__content">skip to content</a></li>
        </ul>

        <h1><a href="../../start"  accesskey="h" title="[H]"><img src="../../lib/tpl/openwrt/images/logo.png" width="386" height="98" alt="" /> <span>OpenWrt Wiki</span></a></h1>
            </div>

    <div class="tools group">
        <!-- USER TOOLS -->
                    <div id="dokuwiki__usertools">
                <h3 class="a11y">User Tools</h3>
                <ul>
                    <li><a href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/meta/ircmeeting/meetinglog230709?do=register"  class="action register" rel="nofollow" title="Register">Register</a></li><li><a href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/meta/ircmeeting/meetinglog230709?do=login&amp;sectok=382740b13d95f946eed36caa57076b4a"  class="action login" rel="nofollow" title="Login">Login</a></li>                </ul>
            </div>
        
        <!-- SITE TOOLS -->
        <div id="dokuwiki__sitetools">
            <h3 class="a11y">Site Tools</h3>
            <form action="../../start" accept-charset="utf-8" class="search" id="dw__search" method="get" role="search"><div class="no"><input type="hidden" name="do" value="search" /><input type="text" id="qsearch__in" accesskey="f" name="id" class="edit" title="[F]" /><input type="submit" value="Search" class="button" title="Search" /><div id="qsearch__out" class="ajax_qsearch JSpopup"></div></div></form>            <div class="mobileTools">
                <form action="../../doku.php" method="get" accept-charset="utf-8"><div class="no"><input type="hidden" name="id" value="meta:ircmeeting:meetinglog230709" /><select name="do" class="edit quickselect" title="Tools"><option value="">Tools</option><optgroup label="Page Tools"><option value="edit">Edit this page</option><option value="revisions">Old revisions</option><option value="backlink">Backlinks</option></optgroup><optgroup label="Site Tools"><option value="recent">Recent changes</option><option value="media">Media Manager</option><option value="index">Sitemap</option></optgroup><optgroup label="User Tools"><option value="login">Login</option><option value="register">Register</option></optgroup></select><input type="submit" value="&gt;" /></div></form>            </div>
            <ul>
                <li><a href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/meta/ircmeeting/meetinglog230709?do=recent"  class="action recent" accesskey="r" rel="nofollow" title="Recent changes [R]">Recent changes</a></li><li><a href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/meta/ircmeeting/meetinglog230709?do=media&amp;ns=meta%3Aircmeeting"  class="action media" rel="nofollow" title="Media Manager">Media Manager</a></li><li><a href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/meta/ircmeeting/meetinglog230709?do=index"  class="action index" accesskey="x" rel="nofollow" title="Sitemap [X]">Sitemap</a></li>            </ul>
        </div>

    </div>

    <!-- BREADCRUMBS -->
            <div class="breadcrumbs">
                            <div class="youarehere"><span class="bchead">You are here: </span><span class="home"><bdi><a href="../../start" class="wikilink1" title="start">OpenWrt Wiki</a></bdi></span> » <bdi><a href="../start" class="wikilink1" title="meta:start">Welcome to the Gardeners Lounge</a></bdi> » <bdi><a href="../ircmeeting" class="wikilink1" title="meta:ircmeeting">IRC Meeting</a></bdi> » <bdi><span class="curid"><a href="meetinglog230709" class="wikilink1" title="meta:ircmeeting:meetinglog230709">Meeting log 23th of July 2009</a></span></bdi></div>
                                    <div class="plugin_multilingual">
        <ul>
          <li>
            <div class="li">
              <div class="flag_not_exists">
                <a href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/cz/meta/ircmeeting/meetinglog230709" class="media" title="cz:meta:ircmeeting:meetinglog230709"><img src="../../lib/exe/fetch.php?cache=&amp;tok=aff589&amp;media=http%253A%252F%252Fwiki.openwrt.org%252Flib%252Fplugins%252Fmultilingual%252Fflags%252Fcz.gif" class="media" title="Čeština (Czech)" alt="Čeština (Czech)" /></a>
              </div>
            </div>
          </li>
          <li>
            <div class="li">
              <div class="flag_not_exists">
                <a href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/de/meta/ircmeeting/meetinglog230709" class="media" title="de:meta:ircmeeting:meetinglog230709"><img src="../../lib/exe/fetch.php?cache=&amp;tok=e24010&amp;media=http%253A%252F%252Fwiki.openwrt.org%252Flib%252Fplugins%252Fmultilingual%252Fflags%252Fde.gif" class="media" title="Deutsch (German)" alt="Deutsch (German)" /></a>
              </div>
            </div>
          </li>
          <li>
            <div class="li">
              <span class="curid"><a href="meetinglog230709" class="media" title="meta:ircmeeting:meetinglog230709"><img src="../../lib/exe/fetch.php?cache=&amp;tok=2a37ae&amp;media=http%253A%252F%252Fwiki.openwrt.org%252Flib%252Fplugins%252Fmultilingual%252Fflags%252Fgb.gif" class="media" title="English" alt="English" /></a></span>
            </div>
          </li>
          <li>
            <div class="li">
              <div class="flag_not_exists">
                <a href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/es/meta/ircmeeting/meetinglog230709" class="media" title="es:meta:ircmeeting:meetinglog230709"><img src="../../lib/exe/fetch.php?cache=&amp;tok=46c004&amp;media=http%253A%252F%252Fwiki.openwrt.org%252Flib%252Fplugins%252Fmultilingual%252Fflags%252Fmx.gif" class="media" title="Español (Spanish, Mexico)" alt="Español (Spanish, Mexico)" /></a>
              </div>
            </div>
          </li>
          <li>
            <div class="li">
              <div class="flag_not_exists">
                <a href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/fr/meta/ircmeeting/meetinglog230709" class="media" title="fr:meta:ircmeeting:meetinglog230709"><img src="../../lib/exe/fetch.php?cache=&amp;tok=a5beba&amp;media=http%253A%252F%252Fwiki.openwrt.org%252Flib%252Fplugins%252Fmultilingual%252Fflags%252Ffr.gif" class="media" title="Français (French)" alt="Français (French)" /></a>
              </div>
            </div>
          </li>
          <li>
            <div class="li">
              <div class="flag_not_exists">
                <a href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/hu/meta/ircmeeting/meetinglog230709" class="media" title="hu:meta:ircmeeting:meetinglog230709"><img src="../../lib/exe/fetch.php?cache=&amp;tok=6b5470&amp;media=http%253A%252F%252Fwiki.openwrt.org%252Flib%252Fplugins%252Fmultilingual%252Fflags%252Fhu.gif" class="media" title="Magyar (Hungarian)" alt="Magyar (Hungarian)" /></a>
              </div>
            </div>
          </li>
          <li>
            <div class="li">
              <div class="flag_not_exists">
                <a href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/jp/meta/ircmeeting/meetinglog230709" class="media" title="jp:meta:ircmeeting:meetinglog230709"><img src="../../lib/exe/fetch.php?cache=&amp;tok=f999fc&amp;media=http%253A%252F%252Fwiki.openwrt.org%252Flib%252Fplugins%252Fmultilingual%252Fflags%252Fjp.gif" class="media" title="日本語 (Japanese)" alt="日本語 (Japanese)" /></a>
              </div>
            </div>
          </li>
          <li>
            <div class="li">
              <div class="flag_not_exists">
                <a href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/pl/meta/ircmeeting/meetinglog230709" class="media" title="pl:meta:ircmeeting:meetinglog230709"><img src="../../lib/exe/fetch.php?cache=&amp;tok=c805c0&amp;media=http%253A%252F%252Fwiki.openwrt.org%252Flib%252Fplugins%252Fmultilingual%252Fflags%252Fpl.gif" class="media" title="Poliski (Polish)" alt="Poliski (Polish)" /></a>
              </div>
            </div>
          </li>
          <li>
            <div class="li">
              <div class="flag_not_exists">
                <a href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/pt-br/meta/ircmeeting/meetinglog230709" class="media" title="pt-br:meta:ircmeeting:meetinglog230709"><img src="../../lib/exe/fetch.php?cache=&amp;tok=13127d&amp;media=http%253A%252F%252Fwiki.openwrt.org%252Flib%252Fplugins%252Fmultilingual%252Fflags%252Fbr.gif" class="media" title="Português brasileiro (Portuguese, Brasil)" alt="Português brasileiro (Portuguese, Brasil)" /></a>
              </div>
            </div>
          </li>
          <li>
            <div class="li">
              <div class="flag_not_exists">
                <a href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/ru/meta/ircmeeting/meetinglog230709" class="media" title="ru:meta:ircmeeting:meetinglog230709"><img src="../../lib/exe/fetch.php?cache=&amp;tok=66ab5e&amp;media=http%253A%252F%252Fwiki.openwrt.org%252Flib%252Fplugins%252Fmultilingual%252Fflags%252Fru.gif" class="media" title="Русский (Russsian)" alt="Русский (Russsian)" /></a>
              </div>
            </div>
          </li>
          <li>
            <div class="li">
              <div class="flag_not_exists">
                <a href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/tr/meta/ircmeeting/meetinglog230709" class="media" title="tr:meta:ircmeeting:meetinglog230709"><img src="../../lib/exe/fetch.php?cache=&amp;tok=f4beed&amp;media=http%253A%252F%252Fwiki.openwrt.org%252Flib%252Fplugins%252Fmultilingual%252Fflags%252Ftr.gif" class="media" title="Tϋrkçe (Turkish)" alt="Tϋrkçe (Turkish)" /></a>
              </div>
            </div>
          </li>
          <li>
            <div class="li">
              <div class="flag_not_exists">
                <a href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/zh-cn/meta/ircmeeting/meetinglog230709" class="media" title="zh-cn:meta:ircmeeting:meetinglog230709"><img src="../../lib/exe/fetch.php?cache=&amp;tok=93625a&amp;media=http%253A%252F%252Fwiki.openwrt.org%252Flib%252Fplugins%252Fmultilingual%252Fflags%252Fzh-cn.gif" class="media" title="官話/官话 (Chinese)" alt="官話/官话 (Chinese)" /></a>
              </div>
            </div>
          </li>
          <li>
            <div class="li">
              <div class="flag_not_exists">
                <a href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/zh-tw/meta/ircmeeting/meetinglog230709" class="media" title="zh-tw:meta:ircmeeting:meetinglog230709"><img src="../../lib/exe/fetch.php?cache=&amp;tok=b56198&amp;media=http%253A%252F%252Fwiki.openwrt.org%252Flib%252Fplugins%252Fmultilingual%252Fflags%252Fzh-tw.gif" class="media" title="臺灣華語 (Taiwanese)" alt="臺灣華語 (Taiwanese)" /></a>
              </div>
            </div>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>
        </div>
    
    
    <hr class="a11y" />
</div></div><!-- /header -->

        <div class="wrapper group">

            
            <!-- ********** CONTENT ********** -->
            <div id="dokuwiki__content"><div class="pad group">

                <div class="pageId"><span>meta:ircmeeting:meetinglog230709</span></div>

                <div class="page group">
                                                            <!-- wikipage start -->
                    
<h4 id="meeting_log_23th_of_july_2009">Meeting log 23th of July 2009</h4>
<div class="level4">
<blockquote><div class="no">
19:56 &lt; glp&gt; Nuwiki meeting: <br/>
19:57 &lt; glp&gt; I&#039;ll be a little on and off during the next hours<br/>
19:57 &lt; glp&gt; meeting agenda is here: <a href="http://nuwiki.openwrt.org/meta/ircmeeting#nuwiki.irc.meeting.agenda" class="urlextern" title="http://nuwiki.openwrt.org/meta/ircmeeting#nuwiki.irc.meeting.agenda"  rel="nofollow">http://nuwiki.openwrt.org/meta/ircmeeting#nuwiki.irc.meeting.agenda</a><br/>
20:00 &lt; jaskew&gt; I&#039;m new - missed the first meeting but would like to help with the wiki effort<br/>
20:00 &lt; glp&gt; jaskew: welcome, and welcome <img src="../../lib/images/smileys/icon_smile.gif" class="icon" alt=":-)" /><br/>
20:01 &lt; glp&gt; First topic: <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> switch?<br/>
20:01 &lt; danage&gt; jaskew: excellent, welcome<br/>
20:01 &lt; blogic&gt; glp: \o/<br/>
20:01 &lt; danage&gt; glp: i&#039;m interested in attendance, could we get a little ping from everyone attending?<br/>
20:02 &lt; blogic&gt; i did not even know this was going on in this style<br/>
20:02 &lt; blogic&gt; :)<br/>
20:02 &lt; danage&gt; just so we get an estimate of the number of people that potentially participate<br/>
20:02 &lt; danage&gt; (at this stage)<br/>
20:02  * moonflux is here<br/>
20:02 &lt; jaskew&gt; ←–  Jerry Askew  <a href="http://www.askew.net" class="urlextern" title="http://www.askew.net"  rel="nofollow">www.askew.net</a> for more info about me<br/>
20:02  * glp is here<br/>
20:03 -!- plambrechtsen [n=dz2z9q@203-97-235-213.cable.telstraclear.net] has joined #openwrt-devel<br/>
20:03 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; Greetings<br/>
20:03 &lt; glp&gt; plambrechtsen: just trying to estimate attendance for the meeting<br/>
20:03  * Bartman007 is here<br/>
20:04  * danage as well :)<br/>
20:04 &lt; glp&gt; but back to first topic?<br/>
20:05 &lt; danage&gt; sure, thanks<br/>
20:05 &lt; glp&gt; should we just go ahead and switch the dns to wiki.openwrt.org ?<br/>
20:05 &lt; Bartman007&gt; as nuwiki contains all the content of oldwiki, I think it makes sense<br/>
20:05 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; I think so<br/>
20:05 &lt; moonflux&gt; wouldn&#039;t be worse than oldwiki :)<br/>
20:05 &lt; Bartman007&gt; I find the oldwiki namespace in nuwiki to be more useful than oldwiki itself.<br/>
20:05 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; as the oldwiki has a subset as well<br/>
20:06 &lt; danage&gt; i agree with Bartman007<br/>
20:06 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; I agree to bartman<br/>
20:06 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; the TOH is missing from Oldwiki<br/>
20:06 &lt; Bartman007&gt; it&#039;s still there, you just have to know how to get to it :)<br/>
20:06 &lt; danage&gt; the only con would be that a lot of people (potential contributors) may be turned away once they find the wiki in this, uncomplete state<br/>
20:06 &lt; glp&gt; ok, Bartman007 and I will remind eachother to fix the dns<br/>
20:07 &lt; Bartman007&gt; danage: I think oldwiki does more damage than nuwiki could.<br/>
20:07 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; danage, I disagree, as I think the oldwiki is far worse than the nuwiki<br/>
20:07 &lt; glp&gt; danage: maybe add a note about this to the startpage ?<br/>
20:07 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; barman007 i agree<br/>
20:07 &lt; Bartman007&gt; oldwiki is completely static, and many links are broken<br/>
20:07 &lt; danage&gt; true, true. my concerns are resolved :)<br/>
20:07 &lt; danage&gt; glp: yes, or simply change the note that is there at the moment<br/>
20:08 &lt; jaskew&gt; As a new user of openWRT, I founf the most discouraging thing was the inability to update/clarify things that I found that were either unclear or wrong.<br/>
20:08 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; jaskew.. couldn&#039;t agree more<br/>
20:08 &lt; jaskew&gt; AHving the ability to submit updfates would encourage me.<br/>
20:08 &lt; danage&gt; jaskew: yes, that will be no problem in nuwiki. all you need is to sign up, existing articles may be changed by everyone<br/>
20:09 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; people who are unfamiliar to openwrt try adn find info in the wiki.. and it&#039;s just not there<br/>
20:09 &lt; moonflux&gt; I think each oldwiki page should have a box at the top pointing to guidelines on how to create pages in the new wiki/pages_from_oldwiki<br/>
20:09 &lt; danage&gt; for _new_ articles the rule is they can only be put into the inbox namespace<br/>
20:09 &lt; blogic&gt; what is the url ?<br/>
20:09 &lt; blogic&gt; nuwiki.op….. ?<br/>
20:09 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; blog yep..<br/>
20:09 &lt; blogic&gt; apparently yes<br/>
20:10 &lt; Bartman007&gt; moonflux: the oldwiki namespace in nuwiki should not be modified<br/>
20:10 &lt; blogic&gt; glp: i think i should add a ifxmips section :)<br/>
20:10 &lt; blogic&gt; glp: my contribution :)<br/>
20:10 &lt; moonflux&gt; Bartman007: exactly, so when I see a page in oldwiki, I know what to do<br/>
20:10 &lt; glp&gt; blogic: that would be very good<br/>
20:10 &lt; Bartman007&gt; moonflux: ah. ok.<br/>
20:10 &lt; danage&gt; Bartman007: that needs clarification. i have, following phaidros&#039; explanation, begun moving pages from oldwiki to nuwiki namespace<br/>
20:10 &lt; moonflux&gt; and when a page was moved to the new wiki space, the box could be changed pointing there (and the old content just stick around)<br/>
20:11 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; moonflux… absoultly<br/>
20:11 &lt; danage&gt; blogic: do you think we should start a section under documentation that contains every platform?<br/>
20:11 &lt; danage&gt; moonflux: what do you mean by box?<br/>
20:11 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; danage… for each oldwiki page a &quot;header&quot; should be added<br/>
20:11 &lt; danage&gt; right now, when i move a page, access to the oldwiki page redirects you to nuwiki<br/>
20:12 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; saying &quot;this is the old wiki, we are updating, to update this page go to /meta to find out then put it in /inbox<br/>
20:12 &lt; Bartman007&gt; danage: oh, personally I don&#039;t see a problem w/ turning oldwiki namespace pages into redirects as the content is added to nuwiki, I thought moonflux initially wanted to provide advice on how to edit oldwiki<br/>
20:12 &lt; danage&gt; i see.<br/>
20:12 &lt; danage&gt; the thing is: if we leave oldwiki intact, without redirectors, it will STILL confuse people<br/>
20:12 &lt; danage&gt; so as we revise the oldwiki content in the moving process, there is no need to keep the oldwiki content, is there?<br/>
20:13 &lt; Bartman007&gt; agreed.<br/>
20:13 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; for sure… so the oldwiki namespace needs a time limit before it gets removed<br/>
20:13 &lt; glp&gt; danage: there are historical reasons<br/>
20:13 &lt; blogic&gt; danage: yes<br/>
20:13 &lt; blogic&gt; danage: imperative<br/>
20:13 &lt; jaskew&gt; an oldwiki page shouldn&#039;t be deleted until someone verifies that all appliacable info has been moved<br/>
20:13 &lt; moonflux&gt; I thought about pages like the one of the SE505. I plan to completely revamp it, but the old White Russion stuff could stick in the oldwiki<br/>
20:13 &lt; blogic&gt; there needs to be this devide arch/platform/device<br/>
20:13 &lt; danage&gt; ok good, so the procedure is: move pages from oldwiki whenever we can<br/>
20:14  * moonflux is a bit laggy because he&#039;s cooking ;)<br/>
20:14 &lt; danage&gt; if it&#039;s crud, create a new page in nuwiki and put a redirector?<br/>
20:14 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; danage… I agree..<br/>
20:14 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; I think we should all work together over 6 months say to move as much from oldwiki as we can<br/>
20:14 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; then retire it<br/>
20:15 &lt; jaskew&gt; can &quot;Janitors&quot; be assigned to purge oldwiki pages once it&#039;s verified that the info has been ported?<br/>
20:15 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; that way, if there was anything such as the white russian stuff.. move it into the nuwiki under doc/whiterussian or similar<br/>
20:15 &lt; Bartman007&gt; I see no real point to &quot;retiring&quot; it as a whole unless all content has been rewritten to fit into the proper place in nuwiki.<br/>
20:16 &lt; nbd&gt; we should add an automatic header to all oldwiki pages that displays prominently and in red that the contents may be obsolete<br/>
20:16 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; it&#039;s just important that we don&#039;t keep the same data in two places<br/>
20:16 &lt; nbd&gt; hi btw<br/>
20:16 &lt; nbd&gt; ;)<br/>
20:16 &lt; Bartman007&gt; and I don&#039;t think it makes sense to rewrite all content as some of it isn&#039;t relevant.<br/>
20:16 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; so when a page is updated / replace from oldwiki, we link to the new place<br/>
20:16 &lt; glp&gt; plambrechtsen: the white russian stuff should probably not be added to the new wiki ?<br/>
20:17 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; just think it adds confusion having the same structure still &quot;linkable&quot; under oldwiki..<br/>
20:17 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; so there needs to be a way that page by page we update oldwiwki to link to new wiki<br/>
20:18  * plambrechtsen hates having duplicate data in wiki that just keep on getting referenced<br/>
20:18 &lt; nbd&gt; if we consider all oldwiki pages obsolete until proven otherwise and marking it as such, we should at least get rid of some of the confusion<br/>
20:19 &lt; nbd&gt; and we could place a note about that on each page as prominently as we have to, to make sure that users won&#039;t miss this piece of meta-information<br/>
20:19 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; then its just a decision as to if we want to keep historical info such as the white russian stuff or not.<br/>
20:19 &lt; danage&gt; Bartman007: thats why we should MOVE as many pages as possible. that way we keep track of what&#039;s been moved already<br/>
20:19 &lt; jaskew&gt; I suspect there are lots of external links to the wiki.  Has there been discussion about preserving thise?<br/>
20:19 &lt; Bartman007&gt; danage: I agree with you there.<br/>
20:19 &lt; moonflux&gt; so White Russion info should just die?<br/>
20:19 &lt; danage&gt; plambrechtsen: the way is to MOVE pages<br/>
20:19 &lt; Bartman007&gt; jaskew: most of them were completely botched during the wiki → oldwiki move<br/>
20:19 &lt; moonflux&gt; jaskew: the old links are alreay redirected<br/>
20:19 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; danage… agree!<br/>
20:20 &lt; danage&gt; however, many pages are obsolete. they don&#039;t get moved but ignored. so i agree with having a phase of a certain time after which oldwiki gets dumped<br/>
20:21 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; danage.. having a time limit on the oldwiki also means that we have that on the header<br/>
20:21 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; so if anyone links into it externally they will find that the first thing they get presented with is &quot;this is a old page, please update, it&#039;s going on x date&quot;<br/>
20:22 &lt; danage&gt; here is a page as an example of what &quot;moving&quot; does: <a href="http://nuwiki.openwrt.org/oldwiki/basicenduser" class="urlextern" title="http://nuwiki.openwrt.org/oldwiki/basicenduser"  rel="nofollow">http://nuwiki.openwrt.org/oldwiki/basicenduser</a><br/>
20:23 &lt; danage&gt; plambrechtsen: it could also be like &quot;this is an old page, if it&#039;s helpful please suggest to move it to the new wiki [and how]&quot;<br/>
20:23  * plambrechtsen oldest daughter has just joined me to &quot;help me&quot;… it has begun<br/>
20:24  * plambrechtsen totally agrees with danage<br/>
20:24 &lt; danage&gt; :)<br/>
20:24 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; Danage… see the linkage.. that&#039;s exactly what should happen<br/>
20:25 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; then monthly or whatever we can dump out the oldwiki structure and see what is left<br/>
20:25 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; to migrate that is<br/>
20:26 &lt; danage&gt; good idea<br/>
20:26 &lt; danage&gt; jaskew: i think when we move pages the oldwiki links stay intact<br/>
20:26 &lt; danage&gt; any developer opinion on what to do with white russian wiki documentation?<br/>
20:27 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; the only &quot;gotcha&quot; i could possibly think is a 5 second redirect delay when linking to a oldwiki page<br/>
20:27 &lt; Bartman007&gt; cat whiterussian &gt; /dev/null<br/>
20:27 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; ie &quot;you just linked to an old page, are about to get redirected to the new page, please update your links&quot;<br/>
20:27 &lt; glp&gt; white russian should probably be wrapped into a tarball and stored somewhere <br/>
20:28 &lt; Bartman007&gt; glp: it would be a reason to not completely nuke oldwiki<br/>
20:28 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; I think historical stuff should be kept in some form…<br/>
20:28 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; good to know history if someone for whatever reason wants it<br/>
20:28 &lt; jaskew&gt; wayback machine?<br/>
20:29 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; link in newwiki to tarbal sitting on downloads<br/>
20:29 &lt; moonflux&gt; jaskew: good idea I think<br/>
20:29 &lt; glp&gt; plambrechtsen: something like that<br/>
20:29 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; then run stats to see how often its downloaded by non-robots in 12 months<br/>
20:29 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; then rm -Rf<br/>
20:29 &lt; moonflux&gt; just replace the current CamelCase redirect with one to archive.org<br/>
20:29 &lt; glp&gt; moonflux: yes<br/>
20:30 &lt; blogic&gt; maligor: ping<br/>
20:30 &lt; jaskew&gt; well…  It would be good if there was a message that says the content was moved to &lt;nuwiki link&gt; but the original can be accessed at &lt;archive.org link&gt;<br/>
20:30 &lt; blogic&gt; maligor: you made uboot work with the PSC ram chip, did you not ?<br/>
20:30 &lt; blogic&gt; maligor: can you send me the patch against trunk again ?<br/>
20:30 &lt; maligor&gt; mmm<br/>
20:31 &lt; maligor&gt; let me look it up<br/>
20:31 &lt; blogic&gt; on ifxmips<br/>
20:31 &lt; blogic&gt; ok, thx<br/>
20:31 &lt; blogic&gt; and you also added ./gcj ?!<br/>
20:31 &lt; jaskew&gt; but also would be nice if the proper HTTP response code were sent so that webmasters could learn of the new address (is that even used anymore)?<br/>
20:31 &lt; maligor&gt; gcj?<br/>
20:31 &lt; Bartman007&gt; jaskew: you mean 302?<br/>
20:31 &lt; blogic&gt; the tool to mkae the ascii file to upload to the boot-uart mode of the chip<br/>
20:31 &lt; phaidros&gt; hello :)<br/>
20:32 &lt; Bartman007&gt; quick , hide!<br/>
20:32 &lt; maligor&gt; maybe it&#039;s in my sent ityms still<br/>
20:32 &lt; phaidros&gt; Bartman007: I would, why?<br/>
20:32 &lt; jaskew&gt; I think so - I seem to remember that there are tools that look for broken or updated links and then report them to webamsters<br/>
20:32 -!- xMff1 [n=jow@p5B2702C5.dip0.t-ipconnect.de] has joined #openwrt-devel<br/>
20:32 &lt; danage&gt; i like the direction this is heading<br/>
20:32 &lt; danage&gt; (the wiki, in general)<br/>
20:32 &lt; maligor&gt; blogic, well, I can resend the email, I still seem to have it :P<br/>
20:32 &lt; Bartman007&gt; jaskew: I&#039;ll add it to my todo list.<br/>
20:32 -!- xMff1 is now known as xMmob<br/>
20:33 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; ok… so review<br/>
20:33 &lt; danage&gt; should end up as a great tool for everyone<br/>
20:33 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; Dns NuWiki to be moved to wiki<br/>
20:33 &lt; maligor&gt; blogic, the psc stuff is just the config for asc upload<br/>
20:34 &lt; danage&gt; whiterussian oldwiki contents to be tarballed and NOT be part of nuwiki<br/>
20:34 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; Danage.. yes..<br/>
20:34 &lt; danage&gt; migration rule: try to move oldwiki pages whenever possible<br/>
20:34 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; So.. move onto point 2?? Tags / Categories?<br/>
20:34 &lt; danage&gt; glp: still here?<br/>
20:35 &lt; danage&gt; note: i put some more stuff in the meeting agenda just a few minutes ago that came to mind, sorry<br/>
20:35  * plambrechtsen 2nd daughter has just woken up…<br/>
20:35 &lt; jaskew&gt; WRT whiterussian:  some people are probably still using.  What if someone wants to contribute info or update a page.  They shouldn&#039;t be tunred away - there shoulc be an area for that<br/>
20:35  * plambrechtsen the day has begun..<br/>
20:36 &lt; Bartman007&gt; jaskew: they can continue using the WR forums<br/>
20:36 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; bartman.. i agree.. Forums are good for support &amp; patches if applicable to WR..<br/>
20:37 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; otherwise 8.09.1+ is all in wiki<br/>
20:37 &lt; jaskew&gt; ok- that should be stated somewhere so ppl don;t submit whiterussion info just to have it turned down<br/>
20:37 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; There could just be a conjoined /doc/whiterussian page with the highlights<br/>
20:38 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; ok… hoping to move things on..<br/>
20:38 &lt; Bartman007&gt; point 2 on the agenda?<br/>
20:38 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; one request from me would be to have a <a href="http://downloads.openwrt.org/kamikaze/latest" class="urlextern" title="http://downloads.openwrt.org/kamikaze/latest"  rel="nofollow">http://downloads.openwrt.org/kamikaze/latest</a><br/>
20:38 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; so we can link to that in the wiki..<br/>
20:39 &lt; moonflux&gt; plambrechtsen: I added <a href="http://nuwiki.openwrt.org/doc/latest" class="urlextern" title="http://nuwiki.openwrt.org/doc/latest"  rel="nofollow">http://nuwiki.openwrt.org/doc/latest</a><br/>
20:39 &lt; moonflux&gt; just always link to that<br/>
20:39 &lt; Bartman007&gt; plambrechtsen: as a developer I hate the term &quot;latest&quot; because it is abused. &quot;I&#039;m running the latest trunk build.&quot; then I find out it was latest as of a month ago.<br/>
20:40 -!- aroscha [n=aroscha@nat.labs.nic.at] has quit []<br/>
20:40 &lt; Bartman007&gt; I think the latest page in nuwiki is sufficient.<br/>
20:40 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; Moonflux I was thinking that we should be able to link as part of having stable image downloads from the TOH ardware page<br/>
20:40 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; or perhaps /kamikaze/stable ;)<br/>
20:41 &lt; moonflux&gt; plambrechtsen: just link to the wiki page, it has additional infos :)<br/>
20:41 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; sure.. point taken<br/>
20:42 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; was just trying to see if in a TOH page. ie linksys wrt directly link to <a href="http://downloads.openwrt.org/kamikaze/stable/brcm-2.4/openwrt-wrt54g-squashfs.bin" class="urlextern" title="http://downloads.openwrt.org/kamikaze/stable/brcm-2.4/openwrt-wrt54g-squashfs.bin"  rel="nofollow">http://downloads.openwrt.org/kamikaze/stable/brcm-2.4/openwrt-wrt54g-squashfs.bin</a><br/>
20:42 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; or something similar from the hardware model page itself<br/>
20:42 &lt; moonflux&gt; ahk, now I know what you mean<br/>
20:43 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; so people don&#039;t have to guess they need to go to brcm-2.4 or whatever<br/>
20:43 &lt; moonflux&gt; I think we should have an additional page which explains all the flavors<br/>
20:43 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; just &quot;this is the latest stable&quot;<br/>
20:43 &lt; xMmob&gt; moonflux: agreed<br/>
20:43 &lt; Bartman007&gt; plambrechtsen: I would prefer a page that explains which image someone should use, but not link directly to it.<br/>
20:43 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; <a href="http://nuwiki.openwrt.org/inbox/trialtemplate" class="urlextern" title="http://nuwiki.openwrt.org/inbox/trialtemplate"  rel="nofollow">http://nuwiki.openwrt.org/inbox/trialtemplate</a> is what I was kinda talking about<br/>
20:44 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; &quot;installation&quot;… you need to download this image.. plus these tools<br/>
20:44 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; and have all the info on one page<br/>
20:44 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; latest is probably a dirty word… perhaps stable :P<br/>
20:45 &lt; danage&gt; plambrechtsen: yes i agree. the particulars have to be worked out. i moved the installing page and the configuring page<br/>
20:45 &lt; moonflux&gt; btw, ad. point 4: I think the Pagename-Plugin is crap ;)<br/>
20:46 &lt; moonflux&gt; I just linked to <a href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/meta/ircmeeting/latest" class="wikilink2" title="meta:ircmeeting:latest" rel="nofollow">latest</a> and the sentence was broken<br/>
20:46 &lt; danage&gt; what needs to be on which page? i don&#039;t know. probably we need some smaller pages that can be linked to<br/>
20:46 &lt; danage&gt; moonflux: hang on, lets do this page by page<br/>
20:46 &lt; moonflux&gt; kk<br/>
20:46 &lt; danage&gt; moonflux: ehhh sorry, topic by topic, according to the agenda<br/>
20:46 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; sure if there is a <a href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/meta/ircmeeting/latest_or_stable" class="wikilink2" title="meta:ircmeeting:latest_or_stable" rel="nofollow">latest] or [[stable</a> then linkage is easy<br/>
20:47 &lt; moonflux&gt; danage: jepp, just noticed it and didn&#039;t want to forget it<br/>
20:47 &lt; danage&gt; moonflux: it&#039;s on the agenda :)<br/>
20:47 &lt; jaskew&gt; for installation:  can it include options for both the 2.4 and 2.6 kernel versions if available.  Maybe I&#039;m off base here, but the brcm-2.4 vs brcm47xx options were confusing to me at first<br/>
20:48 &lt; danage&gt; jaskew: that touches a very important issue: which VERSIOn of openwrt should the wiki relate to?<br/>
20:48 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; Ok… sorry.. bring it back to the agenga…<br/>
20:48 &lt; danage&gt; trunk? current stable?<br/>
20:48 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; danage I think current stable rather than trunk..<br/>
20:48 &lt; Bartman007&gt; danage: stable for the most part, with trunk where applicable.<br/>
20:48 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; I think I am going to need to go..<br/>
20:48 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; kids chomping at my heels for breakfast.<br/>
20:48 &lt; Bartman007&gt; if a device is only supported in trunk, discuss trunk on that page<br/>
20:48 &lt; danage&gt; plambrechtsen: you&#039;re right, i&#039;ll put a point on the agenda. plambrechtsen, Bartman007 that&#039;s what i put in meta:start recently, under mantra, but was gonna put it up for discussion<br/>
20:49 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; so… #2… Tags / categories<br/>
20:49 &lt; danage&gt; ok so i just put it as point 2 in meeting agenda so as not to confuse<br/>
20:49 &lt; danage&gt; plambrechtsen: point 3 now…<br/>
20:49 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; :P<br/>
20:50 &lt; danage&gt; ok so it&#039;s TAGS and CATEGORIES<br/>
20:50 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; I think we need a formal list of all features that all routers have<br/>
20:50 &lt; danage&gt; i tried the plugin as described in dokuwiki documentation, xMmob but it didn&#039;t seem to work, cf page linked<br/>
20:50 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; ie Net4x1<br/>
20:50 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; or Net100MB4x1<br/>
20:51 &lt; danage&gt; plambrechtsen: yes, that would apply to namespace TOH - categories are specific within each namespace, right?<br/>
20:51 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; and UsbHighSpeed or UsbLowSpeed<br/>
20:52 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; or CPUBroadcom<br/>
20:52 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; or ChipsetBroadcom<br/>
20:52 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; just need a single place all tags are put.. then it can be up for discussion if they are needed<br/>
20:52 &lt; danage&gt; good point<br/>
20:53 &lt; danage&gt; does anyone know how tags/categories work? phaidros?<br/>
20:53 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; toh:categories<br/>
20:53 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; how they work could be on the categories page :P<br/>
20:53 &lt; danage&gt; plambrechtsen: meta:categories<br/>
20:54 &lt; glp&gt; danage: yes, back again<br/>
20:54 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; ok… so I think we all agree we will need categories, and that the list of categoies will be up for discussion… so..<br/>
20:54 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; why not say.. &quot;someone&quot; will do a shell categories on meta:categories.. we all add our 2 cents until next meeting?<br/>
20:54 &lt; CIA-37&gt; mirko * r16963 /trunk/target/linux/s3c24xx/config-2.6.30: use ext2/ext3 compiled in to allow booting from an ext2/ext3 formatted sd-card<br/>
20:56 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; does that sound reasonable for the tags<br/>
20:57 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; I am happy to start a list.. but like danage I am not sure &quot;how&quot; they work ;)<br/>
20:57 &lt; danage&gt; yes, but we need to know how they work first, or is it just me?<br/>
20:57 &lt; danage&gt; phaidros seemed to know<br/>
20:57 &lt; jaskew&gt; I was hoping someone would explain :)<br/>
20:57  * plambrechtsen danage isn&#039;t alone with the voodoo for tags<br/>
20:57 &lt; glp&gt; plambrechtsen: probably best to start with something and then change if needed<br/>
20:58 &lt; danage&gt; <a href="http://www.dokuwiki.org/plugin:tag" class="urlextern" title="http://www.dokuwiki.org/plugin:tag"  rel="nofollow">http://www.dokuwiki.org/plugin:tag</a><br/>
20:58 &lt; danage&gt; and here for a demo: <a href="http://demo.chimeric.de/plugin:tag" class="urlextern" title="http://demo.chimeric.de/plugin:tag"  rel="nofollow">http://demo.chimeric.de/plugin:tag</a><br/>
20:59 &lt; danage&gt; i tried it on the page linked in the meeting agenda, but it displays some crud that doesn&#039;t link anywhere<br/>
20:59 &lt; jaskew&gt; What about categories - are they just part of the namespace heirarchy?<br/>
21:00 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; I think they should be treated one in the same …<br/>
21:01  * plambrechtsen gotta go… #3 daughter has woken up… it&#039;s all over rover for me for the next hour<br/>
21:02 &lt; moonflux&gt; hm. maybe the installed tag plugin is broken?<br/>
21:02 -!- plambrechtsen [n=dz2z9q@203-97-235-213.cable.telstraclear.net] has quit [&quot;Leaving.&quot;]<br/>
21:04 &lt; jaskew&gt; hmm - the docuwiki docs seem to use &quot;category&quot; interchangeably with &quot;tag&quot; and &quot;anmespace&quot;<br/>
21:06  * jaskew has to leave.  Please let me know if there is anything specific I can help with<br/>
21:07 &lt; moonflux&gt; so the category plugin was superseded my the tag plugin (which doesn&#039;t work in nuwiki)<br/>
21:07 &lt; glp&gt; jaskew: there should be added a summary of this meeting one of the next days<br/>
21:07 &lt; danage&gt; ok so this is up for research. nothing to be solved here at the moment… anyone object if we moved on?<br/>
21:07 &lt; moonflux&gt; namespaces are the path elements (ie. doc is a namespace)<br/>
21:07 &lt; glp&gt; danage: ok with me<br/>
21:09 &lt; danage&gt; ok so it&#039;s table of hardware, topic #4, Bartman007 you had something relating to this?<br/>
21:09 &lt; Bartman007&gt; yeah<br/>
21:10 &lt; Bartman007&gt; I found two plugins that looked rather interesting<br/>
21:10 &lt; Bartman007&gt; here are the results: <a href="http://openwrt.padded-cell.net/doku.php/playground:playground" class="urlextern" title="http://openwrt.padded-cell.net/doku.php/playground:playground"  rel="nofollow">http://openwrt.padded-cell.net/doku.php/playground:playground</a><br/>
21:11 &lt; Bartman007&gt; the first one is rather basic, and I like it quite a bit. it is called sortablejs and allows sortable tables using standard wiki syntax<br/>
21:12 &lt; Bartman007&gt; the second one is called database2 and actually stores the data in an sql database. it is much more powerful but I&#039;m a bit concerned about it because changes to the table are not tracked in the page&#039;s revision history.<br/>
21:13 &lt; nbd&gt; i think we should stick to the first one only<br/>
21:14 &lt; danage&gt; if we go by the first solution, we would need a powerful but simple structure with links to router descriptions (in form of normal wiki pages)<br/>
21:14 &lt; moonflux&gt; the db one doesn&#039;t always work. privoxy returns a text/plain sometimes when I try to sort<br/>
21:14 &lt; danage&gt; i like the looks of the first one quite a bit<br/>
21:15 &lt; Bartman007&gt; danage: in the status column, each on links to the device page, just like the old ToH.<br/>
21:15 &lt; glp&gt; yeah, the first one and then maybe with a little less info<br/>
21:15 &lt; Bartman007&gt; s/on/one/<br/>
21:15 &lt; danage&gt; yes and then a really good template for device pages so they get a uniform look<br/>
21:16 &lt; glp&gt; not sure if we need; frequency, storage and/or version ?<br/>
21:16 &lt; nbd&gt; another thing: I&#039;d like to keep the WiP status only on those devices which actually work to some degree<br/>
21:16 &lt; moonflux&gt; I think the link to the actual info should be moved to the front. I clicked the <abbr title="specification">spec</abbr> page a few times in the old ToC<br/>
21:16 &lt; nbd&gt; basically anything that users can actually test without screwing up<br/>
21:16 &lt; Bartman007&gt; glp: frequency is cpu speed, that&#039;s rather important for a number of people.<br/>
21:16 &lt; Bartman007&gt; nbd: sure.<br/>
21:16 &lt; danage&gt; Bartman007: i think clicking the model should bring you to the wikipage, not the mfg. page. linking to that could go in the wiki page for each device, not really necessary in the table?<br/>
21:17 &lt; Bartman007&gt; yes, that makes sense.<br/>
21:17 &lt; nbd&gt; so many people keep buying completely unsupported devices or doing stuff to them simply because they were listed as WiP<br/>
21:17 &lt; danage&gt; yeah, like me!<br/>
21:17 &lt; nbd&gt; while in fact many of the WiP-listed devices we&#039;ve only considered doing work for but not done any work yet<br/>
21:17 &lt; moonflux&gt; maybe two pages: one toh for the stable release and one for trunk?<br/>
21:17 &lt; Bartman007&gt; I don&#039;t like taht option.<br/>
21:18 &lt; nbd&gt; me neither<br/>
21:18 &lt; Bartman007&gt; fragmenting the toh got us into trouble before<br/>
21:18 &lt; moonflux&gt; kk<br/>
21:18 &lt; danage&gt; me neither, TOH should apply for trunk shouldn&#039;t it?<br/>
21:18 &lt; nbd&gt; at some point we will have an autogenerated ToH for developer-supported devices<br/>
21:18 &lt; Bartman007&gt; someone decided &quot;Unsupported&quot; devices should be on their own page.<br/>
21:18 &lt; nbd&gt; but that&#039;ll be generated from a much more extensive and strict source of information<br/>
21:18 &lt; Bartman007&gt; which resulted in much confusion.<br/>
21:19 &lt; nbd&gt; well, moving unsupported devices away might not be such a bad idea, actually<br/>
21:19 &lt; danage&gt; we should decide for either stable or trunk, and then note that ont he page<br/>
21:19 &lt; nbd&gt; but we have to do it with the new structure from the beginning<br/>
21:19 &lt; nbd&gt; not as a rogue effort<br/>
21:19 &lt; nbd&gt; if we decide to do it at all<br/>
21:19 &lt; moonflux&gt; stable I think as a user<br/>
21:19 &lt; Bartman007&gt; nbd: I think I&#039;d prefer a seperate table on the same page.<br/>
21:19 &lt; nbd&gt; fine with me as well<br/>
21:19 &lt; nbd&gt; but splitting stable/trunk isn&#039;t such a good idea<br/>
21:19 &lt; Bartman007&gt; so it can still be hit when searching on the page.<br/>
21:20 &lt; nbd&gt; ack<br/>
21:20 &lt; Bartman007&gt; agreed.<br/>
21:20 &lt; danage&gt; +1<br/>
21:20 &lt; danage&gt; but should it relate to trunk/stable?<br/>
21:20 &lt; Bartman007&gt; currently the status column indicates the first release the device was supported in, or trunk if it only works there.<br/>
21:21 &lt; moonflux&gt; the release notes could carry a &quot;stable&quot; toc for each release<br/>
21:21 &lt; Bartman007&gt; I don&#039;t see a need for that.<br/>
21:21 &lt; nbd&gt; that&#039;s something for my hardware database idea later<br/>
21:22 &lt; nbd&gt; i.e. only containing devices that developers have or had access to or know for sure will work<br/>
21:22 &lt; danage&gt; Bartman007: sounds good<br/>
21:23 &lt; Bartman007&gt; what about glp&#039;s comment regarding less info?<br/>
21:23 &lt; Bartman007&gt; I already pruned serial, jtag, and recovery (boot_wait) from the table, and tried to include important specs.<br/>
21:24 &lt; glp&gt; Bartman007: I&#039;m thinking in the direction, that it can be quite confusing to have to look across to much info<br/>
21:24 &lt; Bartman007&gt; cpu speed, ram, flash, number of eth ports, wireless, usb and/or other storage all seem to be frequently requested specs.<br/>
21:25 &lt; Bartman007&gt; I suppose we could drop platform since target is there, but I would prefer not to, I think it is useful<br/>
21:25 &lt; glp&gt; I think the Target(s) is really good<br/>
21:25 &lt; glp&gt; platform is also quite relevant<br/>
21:26 &lt; Bartman007&gt; I&#039;m thinking we can break the wifi and eth columns up a bit more. potentially y/n columns for gigabit, 11n, 11g, 11a, # of radios and # of ports<br/>
21:26 &lt; Bartman007&gt; would lend towards column based sorting being more useful.<br/>
21:26 &lt; glp&gt; is it possible to fit the whole width of the TOH on a screen with 1280x1024 ?<br/>
21:26 &lt; Bartman007&gt; but that&#039;s three new columns…<br/>
21:27 -!- xMmob [n=jow@p5B2702C5.dip0.t-ipconnect.de] has quit [Read error: 110 (Connection timed out)]<br/>
21:27 &lt; Bartman007&gt; glp: currently it appears to be on my machine<br/>
21:28 &lt; Bartman007&gt; I should probably move status and target into the first few columns, then the core info fits on smaller screens.<br/>
21:28 &lt; Bartman007&gt; I don&#039;t necessarily see a problem with a wide table as long as the most important data is closest to the front.<br/>
21:28 -!- xMff1 [n=jow@p5B2706B1.dip0.t-ipconnect.de] has joined #openwrt-devel<br/>
21:30 &lt; Bartman007&gt; danage, phaidros: I know one of you has admin access on the wiki. could you install the sortablejs plugin?<br/>
21:30 &lt; Bartman007&gt; I&#039;ll import the later and rearrange columns, and create a discussion page so people can voice their opinions (as we appear to have lost most people already)<br/>
21:31 &lt; Bartman007&gt; the table later*<br/>
21:32 -!- linville [n=linville@nat/redhat/x-7fe1e4dc4cb7ca36] has quit [&quot;Leaving&quot;]<br/>
21:33 &lt; danage&gt; Bartman007: done<br/>
21:34 &lt; danage&gt; Bartman007: you should be able to use it now<br/>
21:35 &lt; danage&gt; ok so what else: the pagename plugin was deprecated consensually now? xMff could de-install it in that case, or i could<br/>
21:36 &lt; danage&gt; then: next meeting, 6.1<br/>
21:36 &lt; danage&gt; 2 weeks from today?<br/>
21:36 &lt; danage&gt; we can keep some of the undiscussed items for next wiki meeting, no problem, most important stuff has been covered<br/>
21:41 &lt; glp&gt; danage: will you make the call for next meeting?<br/>
21:42 &lt; danage&gt; can do, but someone else would have to post it to the mailing list<br/>
21:43 &lt; glp&gt; danage: I can do the posting, if you tell me when the announcement in the wiki is ready<br/>
21:43 &lt; danage&gt; ok we&#039;ll do it that way<br/>
21:45 &lt; glp&gt; I&#039;ll sit down tomorrow morning and write a summary :)<br/>
21:46 &lt; danage&gt; awesome<br/>
21:47 -!- Hauke [n=hauke@dyndsl-085-016-166-139.ewe-ip-backbone.de] has joined #openwrt-devel<br/>
21:55 -!- aroscha [n=aroscha@chello213047053193.30.11.tuwien.teleweb.at] has joined #openwrt-devel<br/>
22:00 -!- xrg_ [n=panos@cpe-77-83-201-1-dsl.netone.gr] has joined #openwrt-devel<br/>
22:02 -!- jomaster [n=jomaster@f053084093.adsl.alicedsl.de] has quit [Remote closed the connection]<br/>
22:15 -!- dwb1 [n=david@4705ds8-fb.0.fullrate.dk] has joined #openwrt-devel<br/>
22:16 -!- dwb [n=david@4705ds8-fb.0.fullrate.dk] has quit [Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer)]<br/>
22:17 -!- plambrech [n=irchon@121.90.135.83] has joined #openwrt-devel<br/>
22:17 &lt; plambrech&gt; greeting.. what did I miss?<br/>
22:18 &lt; plambrech&gt; no one home anymore<br/>
22:19 -!- Hauke [n=hauke@dyndsl-085-016-166-139.ewe-ip-backbone.de] has quit [&quot;Leaving.&quot;]<br/>
22:19 -!- Hauke [n=hauke@dyndsl-085-016-166-139.ewe-ip-backbone.de] has joined #openwrt-devel<br/>
22:21 -!- plambrech [n=irchon@121.90.135.83] has quit [Client Quit]<br/>
22:22 -!- plambrechtsen [n=dz2z9q@166-179-161-247.jamamobile.co.nz] has joined #openwrt-devel<br/>
22:22 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; Ok… thats better..<br/>
22:22 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; So… is anyone still online.. or has everyone gone to bed?<br/>
22:23 &lt; [florian]&gt; danage: ping ?<br/>
22:24 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; florian… is there an <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> log somewhere i could find?<br/>
22:25 &lt; [florian]&gt; plambrechtsen: not yet sorry<br/>
22:25 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; florian.. np… I assume it&#039;s all over, with everything done?<br/>
22:26 &lt; [florian]&gt; I can try to put you the backlog on a pastebin if you prefer?<br/>
22:26 &lt; Bartman007&gt; plambrechtsen: sorry, we voted you off the island<br/>
22:26 &lt; [florian]&gt; danage: <a href="http://openwrt.pastebin.com/m2832a3dd" class="urlextern" title="http://openwrt.pastebin.com/m2832a3dd"  rel="nofollow">http://openwrt.pastebin.com/m2832a3dd</a><br/>
22:26 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; bartman, dangnabbit… I hate it when the tribe turns against me..<br/>
22:27 -!- ArteK [n=Artur@81.15.241.96] has left #openwrt-devel [&quot;Lost terminal&quot;]<br/>
22:27 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; So Bartman… was everything covered..<br/>
22:28 -!- Hauke [n=hauke@dyndsl-085-016-166-139.ewe-ip-backbone.de] has quit [&quot;Leaving.&quot;]<br/>
22:28 -!- Hauke [n=hauke@dyndsl-085-016-166-139.ewe-ip-backbone.de] has joined #openwrt-devel<br/>
22:28 &lt; Bartman007&gt; plambrechtsen: I&#039;ll past my logs in a sec.<br/>
22:28 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; np… just on bus so have 20 mins to do something before my real job kicks in and the real madness starts..<br/>
22:30 &lt; jaskew&gt; I&#039;m back too - seems like it was mostly talk about the ToH since you (plambrechtsen) left<br/>
22:30 -!- Hauke1 [n=hauke@dyndsl-085-016-166-139.ewe-ip-backbone.de] has joined #openwrt-devel<br/>
22:30 -!- Hauke [n=hauke@dyndsl-085-016-166-139.ewe-ip-backbone.de] has quit [Read error: 113 (No route to host)]<br/>
22:31 &lt; Bartman007&gt; plambrechtsen: <a href="http://openwrt.pastebin.com/f2e36c9d4" class="urlextern" title="http://openwrt.pastebin.com/f2e36c9d4"  rel="nofollow">http://openwrt.pastebin.com/f2e36c9d4</a><br/>
22:32 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; Thanks bartman… are you East cost US?… wondering what the TZ is<br/>
22:32 &lt; Bartman007&gt; west cost, Pacfic Daylight Time<br/>
22:32  * jaskew is on US West coast too<br/>
22:33 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; Groovy… I am on the other side of the water from you ;)<br/>
22:33 &lt; Bartman007&gt; UTC-7<br/>
22:33 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; GMT+12 for me ;)<br/>
22:35 &lt; jaskew&gt; Bartman:  Los Angeles, SF or other?<br/>
22:35 &lt; Bartman007&gt; jaskew: 30ish miles south of SF<br/>
22:35  * jaskew ~30mi N of L.A.<br/>
22:36 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; &lt;argh&gt; work calls … bartman could you e-mail me my nick @ gmail dot com..<br/>
22:36 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; and can continue that way…<br/>
22:36 &lt; Bartman007&gt; plambrechtsen: you want the logs emailed? sure.<br/>
22:36 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; No.. I have the paste bin<br/>
22:36 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; just if I wanted to ping a few things by you<br/>
22:37 &lt; Bartman007&gt; oh, sure.<br/>
22:37 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; so i have your e-mail so I can sign you up to spam :)<br/>
22:38 &lt; Bartman007&gt; plambrechtsen: .nz isn&#039;t too large. I estimate it would take a 1/2 hour of door-to-door searching to figure out where you live. :P<br/>
22:38 -!- Hauke1 [n=hauke@dyndsl-085-016-166-139.ewe-ip-backbone.de] has quit [Read error: 113 (No route to host)]<br/>
22:38 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; Hey… to drive end-to-end of one island is about 12 hours<br/>
22:39 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; and about the same for the other one as well<br/>
22:39 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; 900KM for one island for you guys who should have heard of the metric system :P<br/>
22:39 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; long and skinny islands.. with rubbish roads<br/>
22:40 &lt; plambrechtsen&gt; See ya… better boot this server before customers in NZ can&#039;t make phone calls…<br/>
22:41 &lt; jaskew&gt; Did anyone clarify the tags vs. categories question?<br/>
22:41 &lt; Bartman007&gt; jaskew: I think that was put off so people can figure out what question needs to be asked.<br/>
22:43 -!- plambrechtsen1 [n=dz2z9q@166-179-161-247.jamamobile.co.nz] has joined #openwrt-devel<br/>
22:43 &lt; plambrechtsen1&gt; jaskew… reading through the irc log it seems that tags were the way to go as categories were retired<br/>
22:44 -!- plambrechtsen [n=dz2z9q@166-179-161-247.jamamobile.co.nz] has quit [Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer)]<br/>
22:45 &lt; jaskew&gt; thx - makes sense<br/>
22:45 &lt; plambrechtsen1&gt; Ok…  Bartman if you want to update my trial template…<br/>
22:46 &lt; plambrechtsen1&gt; one thing I would like to see the the TOH reference / include the sub hardwares<br/>
22:46 &lt; plambrechtsen1&gt; ie TOH includes TOH:Linksys<br/>
22:46 &lt; plambrechtsen1&gt; so you only update /toh/linksys with hardware lists<br/>
22:46 &lt; plambrechtsen1&gt; and /toh/start is regenerated daily or whatever based on the hardware models &amp; tags<br/>
22:47 &lt; plambrechtsen1&gt; Need to get my head around the plugins on how tags and including other pages works in douwiki<br/>
22:47 &lt; plambrechtsen1&gt; me = out!! e-mail me bartman</div></blockquote>

</div>

                    <!-- wikipage stop -->
                                    </div>

                <div class="docInfo"><bdi>meta/ircmeeting/meetinglog230709.txt</bdi> · Last modified: 2009/07/30 12:55 (external edit)</div>

                            </div></div><!-- /content -->

            <hr class="a11y" />

            <!-- PAGE ACTIONS -->
            <div id="dokuwiki__pagetools">
                <h3 class="a11y">Page Tools</h3>
                <div class="tools">
                    <ul>
                        <li><a href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/meta/ircmeeting/meetinglog230709?do=edit"  class="action edit" accesskey="e" rel="nofollow" title="Edit this page [E]"><span>Edit this page</span></a></li><li><a href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/meta/ircmeeting/meetinglog230709?do=revisions"  class="action revs" accesskey="o" rel="nofollow" title="Old revisions [O]"><span>Old revisions</span></a></li><li><a href="http://wiki.openwrt.org/meta/ircmeeting/meetinglog230709?do=backlink"  class="action backlink" rel="nofollow" title="Backlinks"><span>Backlinks</span></a></li><li><a href="meetinglog230709#dokuwiki__top"  class="action top" accesskey="t" rel="nofollow" title="Back to top [T]"><span>Back to top</span></a></li>                    </ul>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div><!-- /wrapper -->

        
<!-- ********** FOOTER ********** -->
<div id="dokuwiki__footer"><div class="pad">
    <div class="license">Except where otherwise noted, content on this wiki is licensed under the following license: <bdi><a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/" rel="license" class="urlextern">CC Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike 3.0 Unported</a></bdi></div>
    <div class="buttons">
        <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/" rel="license"><img src="../../lib/images/license/button/cc-by-nc-sa.png" alt="CC Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike 3.0 Unported" /></a>        <a href="http://www.dokuwiki.org/donate" title="Donate" ><img
            src="../../lib/tpl/openwrt/images/button-donate.gif" width="80" height="15" alt="Donate" /></a>
        <a href="http://www.php.net" title="Powered by PHP" ><img
            src="../../lib/tpl/openwrt/images/button-php.gif" width="80" height="15" alt="Powered by PHP" /></a>
        <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check/referer" title="Valid HTML5" ><img
            src="../../lib/tpl/openwrt/images/button-html5.png" width="80" height="15" alt="Valid HTML5" /></a>
        <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer?profile=css3" title="Valid CSS" ><img
            src="../../lib/tpl/openwrt/images/button-css.png" width="80" height="15" alt="Valid CSS" /></a>
        <a href="http://dokuwiki.org/" title="Driven by DokuWiki" ><img
            src="../../lib/tpl/openwrt/images/button-dw.png" width="80" height="15" alt="Driven by DokuWiki" /></a>
    </div>
</div></div><!-- /footer -->

    </div></div><!-- /site -->

    <div class="no"><img src="http://wiki.openwrt.org/lib/exe/indexer.php?id=meta%3Aircmeeting%3Ameetinglog230709&amp;1432287219" width="2" height="1" alt="" /></div>
    <div id="screen__mode" class="no"></div>    <!--[if ( lte IE 7 | IE 8 ) ]></div><![endif]-->
</body>
</html>
